Once upon a time, there was a programmer called Paul. Paul graduated from a decent university, and was hired in as a software engineer by Avaj, a global company that designs and sells programming software packages. Paul liked his job, although he had to follows a 996 schedule -- meaning that he had to start working at 9 a.m. work for consecutive 9 hours, and finish up at 6 p.m. every weekday -- his tasks were simple, he just sat in front of a computer, waiting for a programming assignment, finish that assignment, and wait for the next one. Paul didn't have to interact with anyone physically at all, this was perfect for Paul, and he lived a life like this for 10 years into the company. But one day, when Paul got to work, he sat in front of his computer as usual, but no programming assignments were given to him ......

He opened his mailbox as usual and found a private email sent by his boss:"To all the employees: Until today, I've already earned enough money to travelling around the world! Regarding distinct capabilities of you all, I made two decisions: I will open my position at this company to only the programmers in this company who's interested! Anyone who receives this email have the opportunity to take my position if you pay me $999! My position will belong to the first person who sends me money. Moreover, I attached a link to the location where I hide an ancient treasure map. According to the person who gave me this map, the ultimate treasure is a secret recipe of strengthening the ability of growing hairs. Only the first one there can grasp the map. Good luck everyone!" Attracted by the secret recipe, Paul decides to take a look at that location, so he clicks on the link... 

A screen opened up containing two numbers. "-81.171,-68.049". For a second, Paul looked confused. What could this mean? He assumed this was the latitute and the longitude of the treasure map. Paul opened up a new window on his computer and looked up the coordinates. He discovered that this location was deep in Antarctica. At this point, he had no idea how to get there. Paul tried to find a flight to Antarctica, but there wasn't going to be anyone flying there for weeks. Paul left work early that day. He drove to his boss's house, dropped off a letter, and rang the doorbell. In the letter contained a check of $999. 
